Batch with additional historical model fields (#1248)
jazzband/django-simple-history: docs/common_issues.rst

    >>> Poll.history.get(id=data[0].id).history_user == user
    True

> If your using `additional fields in historical models`_ and have one value to batch create
> into the history. Pass the optional dict ``custom_historical_attrs`` with the key and value.
> A field ``session`` would be passed as ``custom_historical_attrs={'session': '127.0.0.1'}``.

Reviewer: Improvement suggestion:
```suggestion
If you're using `additional fields in historical models`_ and have custom fields to
batch-create into the history, pass the optional dict argument ``custom_historical_attrs``
containing the field names and values.
A field ``session`` would be passed as ``custom_historical_attrs={'session': 'training'}``.
```

.. _additional fields in historical models: historical_model.html#adding-additional-fields-to-historical-models

.. code-block:: pycon

    >>> from simple_history.tests.models import PollWithHistoricalSessionAttr
    >>> data = [

>         PollWithHistoricalSessionAttr(id=x, question='Question ' + str(x))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        PollWithHistoricalSessionAttr(id=x, question=f'Question {x}')
```

    >>> data = [PollWithAlternativeManager(id=x, question='Question ' + str(x), pub_date=now()) for x in range(1000)]
    >>> objs = bulk_create_with_history(data, PollWithAlternativeManager, batch_size=500, manager=PollWithAlternativeManager.all_polls)

> If your using `additional fields in historical models`_ and have one value to batch update
> into the history. Pass the a optional dict ``custom_historical_attrs`` with the key and value.
> A field ``ip_address`` would be passed as
> `custom_historical_attrs={'ip_address': '127.0.0.1'}`.

Reviewer: Improvement suggestion:
```suggestion
If you're using `additional fields in historical models`_ and have custom fields to
batch-update into the history, pass the optional dict argument ``custom_historical_attrs``
containing the field names and values.
A field ``session`` would be passed as ``custom_historical_attrs={'session': 'jam'}``.
```

.. _additional fields in historical models: historical_model.html#adding-additional-fields-to-historical-models

.. code-block:: pycon

    >>> bulk_update_with_history(
            data, PollWithHistoricalSessionAttr,
            custom_historical_attrs={'session': 'jam'}
        )

>     >>> data[0].history.get().session

Reviewer: The objects in `data` likely already have history records, so we should ideally use `latest()` in this example to not induce a `MultipleObjectsReturned` error (this is, of course, in contrast to using `bulk_create_with_history()` above).
```suggestion
    >>> data[0].history.latest().session
```
